working "red flags" for all supported objects

update SIMILARITY.md

adjust the reasonable similarity threshold value to find reviewers matching papers (to properly match their area of expertise)

after clicking the 2D plot on the main page, open a self-contained html with a 3D scatter plot (also re-created daily) https://plotly.com/python/3d-scatter-plots/
with points displaying names of researchers on-hover. https://plotly.com/python/hover-text-and-formatting/

nicer css, also tested on mobile

reviewer remarks movable up/down (reorder'able)

database benchmarks with more realistic and complete, generated data (not just "users" and name lookup)

"Individual paper page" looking just like in the specification, also URLs just like in spec

update README.md, add general description of sources
add comments in sources, especially where non-standard solutions are used (describe intention!)
update README.md, add info about required minimal permissions to directories

pdf dropped to a field area (drag-drop) additionally to the "Browse" button

the ability of researchers to update/delete/add their "profiling papers" anytime

------------------------------------------------------------------------

pola edycyjne - usuniecie wszelkich powielen (na ile można) zarowno w py jak i w templates


refaktoryzacja kodu pod kątem eliminacji powtórzeń


komentarz do pola powinien byc w kodzie zwiazany z polem, zeby w templatach nie trzeba bylo go powielac?
np. uzyc pole description, ale fajnie by bylo zeby w nim <br> albo <p> albo \n albo cos innego dzialalo jako zlamanie linii


enumy: w bazie danych tylko ID, a w kodzie pythonowym zmienne enum i slowniki - odpowiadajace enumom teksty (w strings.py)


problem z autoryzacja: jestem zalogowany od kilkunastu godzin, widze sie jako zalogowany, wszystko prywatne dziala,
ale po kliknieciu "edit profile" (/user/edit_profile?) widzę
"Unauthorized
The server could not verify that you are authorized to access the URL requested. You either supplied the wrong credentials (e.g. a bad password), or your browser doesn't understand how to supply the credentials required."
...to dlatego, że jest dekorator wymuszajacy powtorne logowanie przy odtworzeniu sesji z cookies? (dotyczy 4 stron?)
- dodanie poprawnego redirect'a zeby flask-login wiedzial gdzie jest logowanie
- i do sprawdzenia dokladnie kiedy on chce przelogowania.


tworzenie klucza sesji: do ID dodac tez email? (nie bedzie ryzyka ze inny user o tym samym id (np. user/1) "przejmie" zalogowanie


wykres 2D na glownej stronie: bbox=tight


emails & regexps: poprawna, bezpieczna implementacja (do omówienia)


in config.py, MAINTENANCE_MESSAGE = "(scheduled maintenance)" displayed on the maintenance page.


tryb read-only = zadnych zapisow do bazy danych, poza tym maksymalnie funkcjonalne na ile można


.git_public (two repositories in one root directory)
